[Tags] Fix invalid ms-high-contrast media query css without selector in Tags (#3810)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed `Tags` invalid css to work with ms-high-contrast media active ([#3810](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/3810))

Reviewer: May I suggest a more outcome-driven way of describing this change?
```suggestion
- Fixed an accessibility issue where high contrast styles wouldn't be applied in the `Tag` component ([#3810](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/3810))
```
